ceret to these attacks placed attack
point c is here maybe with valencia
who changes feet yes sales mercier
van persie chicago who lived through
this first goal the t shirt and me
necessarily more difficult to score is
Japanese with a little bit of success that gets
found in position to score 1-0 for
manchester inherited this terrible for
kanari's since this order the time
this first period
is quite the shinji kagawa of
find in the right balanced place
because it comes from the fact that we have the
right idea that foot edges because
after there paul mercier who does when
even the hardest in setting foot
before the defender of the sale these teens
which center of the left foot and then van
persie there that flows and a little bit of
success also because I'm not sure
that it was taking a pair in all
his finesse for Japan
they are young for their access
ferguson is relieved 2 0 76th
tetouan fall chicago an email to yuzhou
government because there is a great call
generosity in five years
he gives a caviar to kagawa which is very
very lucid and year this balloon the call
to connect formidable and if it exists
still
basso who gets caught he crocheted and
the fabia let loose rami it's good we
perfect show it ay break
it's very very well done my part dominated
in here thinking it was going to
painfully hit at the exit of the
hook he made the wise decision and
and then there kagawa very lucid because he
saw that it was this little balloon that he
had and m look here
the defender is gone I push it
quiet the caretaker took to
counter-foot April 8 that
unitaid lose at least two matches
before the derby it does not take the
direction hat did trafford 3 years
monster hunter
he will go with the ball of the match
shinji kagawa is the truth he has
illuminated by his technique perfectly
mastered by the red devils
with once again a rolling phase
look here are counting well playing
until then it was not obvious and then
it's rooney who gets to see the a71's
three men on the third and
the kagawa acceleration is great
because look if we'll see from
ball rolling he still has some
delay and it makes the difference
released
the powerful to hit someone
exceptional
guînes to calais this swing oil money
decisively Press
and 4 to 0 for the popular
when he prepared to hit jacques
felt we work
who are a young man she looked
because there is a rooney comedy
smuggler and then here who does the
difference that takes training well
because he even takes the time to
to look at it had been said that the remains
norwich was on the street he got
completely to the picks because here
to anyone that the attacked ollier takes the
regadous formation who looks